[sinister music playing]
[Becky groans. winces]
[Ángela] I'm sorry
about the inconvenience.
Electrical current is dangerous.
Just like you.
[Becky gasps]
[Oliver] Ángela?
- Oliver. you're just in time for the show.
- What's going on here?
- No. no. no. This is a bad idea.
- Hey. hey. hey!
Help me finish this bitch.
or get the hell out of here.
[Oliver] She made a mistake.
but you can't kill her.
She screwed up twice.
Those dancers should be dead by now.
beginning with that piece of trash.
Ms. Jade Monroe.
So why can't I kill her?
Okay.
Murder her.
But be prepared to lose your son forever.
Because Lucas will never forgive you.
Ever.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Norris] We were just talking.
I heard the alarm beep.
and then boom. the car exploded.
[Indira] Right when I turned off
the alarm. it exploded.
We have to consult with the experts now.
Need to go to the hospital?
- No.
- Me neither.
Sir. the explosives were wired
into the car's electrical system.
Excuse me.
[suspenseful music playing]
[music ends]
[theme music playing]
FAKE PROFILE
[music fades]
♪ Keep going when the wheels fall off ♪
TWO WEEKS LATER
♪ Pick up your broken dreams
And dust them off ♪
♪ It's time to let the needle drop ♪
[Miguel] Hey. champ.
I brought you a gift.
Can I ask you a question?
What do you gain by treating me like this?
By holding on to anger.
to your resentment and hatred?
Answer me.
Lucas. why do you hate me?
- I don't hate you.
- What then?
I just want you to disappear.
so I never have to look
at your face again.
Well. that's not happening. Lucas.
You're my son. and I'm your father.
I intend to stick around.
We used to have
a great father-son relationship.
Until you broke Mom's heart
with all your pathetic affairs.
and I don't regret telling Camila
about you and Becky.
I feel sorry for her.
She doesn't know what a monster you are.
[Ángela] Miguel. what a surprise.
What brings you to my house?
[Miguel] I just came by to visit Lucas.
That's all.
Lucas. you know where Eva is?
Where she always is. at Camila's.
[dramatic sting]
- Did I show you my dress?
- [Camila] No. not yet.
- Oh. I have to! It's beautiful…
- Let me see.
Show me the photo.
It's amazing.
- I love it. Cami. but I'm so nervous.
- Ooh.
- Why?
- I don't know. I just am.
Sorry for interrupting.
but the door was open.
Good afternoon. Camila.
How are you. Ángela?
Very well. thanks. Hi. Eva.
What happened?
Well. sweetie. look.
Camila and your father aren't
together anymore.
so it's not a good idea to come here.
- [Eva] Mmm.
- Don't worry. Ángela. It's not a problem.
Well. Camila. you know Eva adores you.
Will you go back to our house? Yes?
I love you so much. Cami.
Bye.
[tense music playing]
You owe me a photo
of you in the dress. right?
- I'll send you one.
- Can't wait to see it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. Camila.
A parent can be capable of anything
when it comes to their kids.
[Camila] Mmm.
That's why.
even though you slept with my husband
and testified against me in court
in front of the entire Estévez family.
we can move forward for the kids.
I want to because I can. for them.
So. I don't know if you agree.
Could we try to move on
and have a new beginning?
Hmm?
[tense music continues]
Excuse me.
Of course.
[music ends]
Who's paying for your new place. Oliver?
I know it's expensive
to rent a house at Riviera Esmeralda.
[scoffs] You don't know
who you're talking to.
[laughing] That's funny.
And after Joanna saved your ass.
I was expecting a bit more…
Maybe a little kindness from you.
I understand though.
Especially now
that you don't have Camila. [laughs]
Don't blame me.
I didn't tell her anything.
It was Lucas. not me.
Why does that kid hate you so much?
What did you do to him?
Besides sleep with the love of his life.
[phone ringing]
I'm gonna be patient
and ask you one more time. Oliver.
- Mm-hmm?
- You need to disappear.
How much would it cost?
I can't believe you.
We're talking about your son
and all you care about is money.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Don't mess with me. that's all.
You're the scam artist here.
[tense music playing]
And sooner or later. you'll get caught.
You'll see.
Go and change. Your grandma said so.
[music ends]
[Vannessa] Come on. hurry.
[birds chirping]
Quickly.
Your children are adorable.
Congratulations. really.
I prefer talking to you
only if my lawyer is present.
I hate to offer advice
when no one asks for it. but hop in.
It's in your interest.
With or without a lawyer.
I advise you to share
everything that you know. all right?
Because otherwise.
your children will be left
without a mother. but this time.
for about 20 years.
[dramatic sting]
What? You're not offering me one?
It's just brandy.
Here they call it guarito.
- Mmm.
- I'll get you a glass.
- Here.
- Thank you.
[gasps]
Wow. that guarito is strong.
[both laughing]
By the way. did Santiago know about it?
Did he know… you're a lesbian?
[tense music playing]
Don't you make a face like that.
It's just a simple question.
It might be simple.
but I can choose to respond or not.
[Purificación] Oh. I see.
So then my poor son knew nothing.
but I know you were lying to him.
That's it. keep drinking.
Let's see
if the brandy gives you the courage
to confess
all the terrible things you've done.
[exhales] Go ahead. be angry.
offended. or hurt. even disgusted.
Make faces at me. whatever you want.
but you're not fooling me.
I know you murdered him.
To my son.
[music ends]
Eva. that's not something I can do.
I'm not your mother.
I can't give you permission.
And besides.
I don't want any issues with your mom.
There's been enough.
What should I do?
My dad's not picking up his phone.
so they can't even say yes.
Ah. well. I'll call him.
Let's see if he answers
when I ring him. Mmm?
[voicemail] The person you are trying
to reach is not available.
[both] He's not answering.
My mom doesn't answer me either.
Micaela's my best friend.
I don't want to miss it.
- Cami. pretty please.
- [sighs]
Eva. don't do this to me.
I've told you
it puts me in a difficult spot.
Please. I can't say yes.
Well. since both my parents aren't here.
you're the only one
that can give me permission.
- Please.
- [laughing]
Not even if you look at me
with puppy dog eyes.
How about we wait here for 15 minutes.
and we'll see?
- Sure.
- [laughing]
Okay. I'll pick you up
at twelve o'clock sharp.
and if anything comes up.
call me and I'll get you. okay?
Eva?
Uh. yeah. it's all good.
- Well…
- I'll be fine. How do I look?
- The prettiest.
- The makeup you did on me is gorg.
- Oh.
- Mica will be super jealous.
Yes. she will.
Call if you need anything.
- Mm-hmm.
- Have fun.
Mmm.
Oh. Eva. wait a sec.
Let me take a picture.
[camera clicks]
Ah. that's perfect. [laughing]
- [phone clicks]
- So gorgeous. [laughing]
- Bye. Cami. I love you.
- Love you too.
I'll pick you up at midnight.
12:10?
Okay. 12:10. I'll pick you up. [laughing]
- Bye.
[romantic music playing]
♪ I get lost all the time ♪
♪ Nothing to say. lots to hide… ♪
I thought you had stood me up.
Shh.
♪ Out of sight ♪
♪ Out of mind ♪
♪ You know who I am ♪
♪ Never think the same as you ♪
Take your shirt off now.
♪ I told you. baby. I'm a savage ♪
♪ Savage. savage ♪
♪ I told you. baby. I'm a savage… ♪
Now your pants.
♪ Baby. I'm a savage ♪
♪ I don't need your tears ♪
♪ Yeah. I've already got 'em ♪
♪ I don't need your love ♪
♪ 'Cause you've already heard from me ♪
♪ I don't need your tears ♪
♪ Yeah. I've already got 'em ♪
♪ I don't need your love… ♪
[moaning]
♪ I told you. baby. I'm a savage ♪
♪ Savage. savage ♪
[Ángela moaning]
♪ I'm a savage ♪
♪ I told you. baby. I'm a savage ♪
♪ Savage. savage ♪
[Ángela moans]
♪ I told you. baby. I'm a savage ♪
♪ Savage ♪
♪ Baby. I'm a savage ♪
[music ends]
Good evening. Can I help you?
Uh. um. good evening.
Is Detective Indira Martínez in?
She's not at the moment.
But if you need help…
Can I make a statement?
Sure. Of course. Come with me.
[phone ringing]
This way.
All right. When you're ready.
I murdered my husband. Santiago del Río.
[tense music playing]
Ángela Ferrer only helped me
to get rid of his body.
By making this statement…
she's being cleared of any responsibility.
I acted in self-defense.
He was going to kill Ángela.
so I shot him.
[sobbing]
[music ends]
I know you're seeing someone.
and she doesn't appreciate you
the same way I do.
Just remember. I have eyes everywhere.
Now tell me…
who's the bitch you're sleeping with?
Besides me. [laughs]
[upbeat music playing]
Who is it?
- [singing in Spanish]
- [audience applauding. cheering]
[cheering]
[knocking]
[Camila] Come in!
I needed to see you.
You can't escape from me. Camila.
[Camila sighs]
Are you leaving?
Yes. actually.
I have to go and pick Eva up from a party.
If you want. we can speak later.
I'll go with you.
[chuckles]
[Noa continues singing in Spanish]
[audience cheering]
- [music ends]
- [audience cheering]
[Oliver] Isn't it more than a coincidence?
You're in a crisis with Miguel.
and I'm going through hell with Joanna.
[Camila] I didn't know
things were bad with her.
[Oliver] We haven't been happy for years.
but my problems with Joanna are
because of you.
I've been having doubts
ever since you and I met.
The moment I saw you.
[Camila sighs]
What?
It's unfair that you're blaming me
for your problems. That's all.
So why am I here and not in bed with her?
I'll admit. well…
there's an attraction we share.
but that's all. Oliver.
Fine. then.
I'm happy you can acknowledge that.
and I think… [inhales sharply]
…that's progress.
The progress. Oliver. would be
for you to understand
that nothing's going to happen between us.
Oh. Camila. it's happening.
[mellow music playing]
And it's not physical or sexual.
No. yeah. not at all.
It's happening here.
And in here.
- [Micaela] Bye.
- [woman] Take care.
- [Camila] Hi! How are you?
- Hi.
I'm Camila. I'm here to pick up Eva.
- Hello.
So could you tell her
that I'm outside waiting for her. please?
I've been looking for her.
wondering where she was.
but she never showed up.
[tense music playing]
What do you mean? I brought her here.
She went down the stairs.
I watched her go in.
No. Mica spent the whole night
waiting for her.
She really wasn't here.
No. wait. Let me see.
Uh. here.
I… I took a picture of her. She was here.
See. she's just outside here.
I don't know
because no one saw her tonight.
[tense music playing]
No. let me call. [exhales]
Uh. please.
Hi. Eva. It's Camila.
I'm worried about you.
I came to pick you up.
but I'm with Micaela now.
Please. tell me where you are?
Answer the phone now.
Are you sure?
'Cause maybe you didn't see her inside.
I don't know.
- No.
- She wasn't here.
[pop music playing]
[Tom] There's a crazy woman
who wants to meet you.
She said she's willing to pay any amount.
And she is?
♪ I need you… ♪
[woman] You were amazing!
Absolutely divine.
♪ Never let me out of sight
Out of mind. out of touch ♪
♪ Don't throw me away ♪
♪ I know that you'll treat me so well… ♪
[Noa] Good evening.
You wanted to see me?
Wow.
The great Jade Monroe.
I've wanted to see you for a long time.
You're very popular.
[Noa] Well. thank you very much.
How can I help you tonight?
You have no idea. do you?
[pop song continues]
You don't know who I am? Really?
So I play characters for fun. you know.
but. hi. I am Ángela Ferrer.
and if you keep playing house with Inti.
I'm going to be your worst nightmare.
[dramatic sting]
- Madam. is this a threat? Truly?
- Oh. I don't threaten.
Instead. I act.
I imagine your boy toy has told you
a few good things about me. yes?
Everyone talks about you. You're famous.
- Wow? I'm infamous.
- Yes. [laughs]
Inti belongs to me.
He can fuck you if that's his thing.
but he's all mine.
- Hmm?
- [laughing]
Oh. my love.
Don't laugh like that. Noa. please.
Go on and smell.
Do you catch Inti's scent?
We had a spectacular experience together
in a hotel.
We haven't had
such a great time in a while.
You're quite lucky
because you should be dead by now.
[dramatic sting]
[cell phone ringing]
[woman] Eva's been kidnapped.
[music ends]
[cell phone ringing]
[cell phone chiming]
PLEASE COME RIGHT AWAY. EVA IS MISSING.
[groans]
[exhales]
[upbeat music playing]
You know. I've been thinking about
everything that's happened
these past few weeks.
The feel of your body.
I can't stop thinking about it.
- That's what you want?
- [exhales]
Oh. Alonso.
even if I wanted to reject you.
I wouldn't.
I couldn't.
You're my drug.
What is it you're saying?
I don't know.
I… I actually want to. I don't know.
give us another chance?
Are you being serious?
No. [laughing]
It's the wine
or the food. the lobster we ate.
Yeah. that's it. Of course it is.
[laughing]
I want to be happy. Alonso.
[romantic music playing]
Even if it's hard for me to trust you.
I do love being with you.
And I love being with you. Laura.
And I know that right now.
it may be difficult
for you to believe this.
but I swear to you.
I'm gonna make you happy.
I wanna make you the happiest woman
in the world.
[music ends]
- [sirens wailing]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
Where's Eva?
- Hold on. I'll tell you what happened.
- Where is she? Where's Eva?
- [Ángela sobbing]
- I… I took her to the party.
I watched Eva go inside.
and I took a picture of her.
- I swear she went in.
- And then?
[Camila] She just disappeared.
Camila decided to take her to a party
without our permission.
Micaela. please ask around.
There's no way that no one saw her.
For God's sake. just ask around!
[Ángela breathing heavily]
For God's sake.
- [man] Are you Eva's parents?
- Yes.
- What is it?
- I am. yes. You have news?
We have recordings
from the security camera.
[tense music playing]
- She went inside?
- She entered.
She went in. That's what I told you.
I took a photo.
and I made sure she went inside.
- [Miguel] Then what?
- [man] Hold on. just a second.
No!
Oh. motherfucker!
- Oh.
- Oh. my God. Eva.
[music ends]
Are we such bad parents?
[Ángela] Of course not.
[breathing shakily]
Then why…
Why's this happening to us?
[Ángela] I'm sure everything will be fine.
Then where's Eva. Ángela?
Do you know?
I wish I knew where she was.
Are you sure you don't know?
[tense music playing]
Excuse me?
Are you blaming me for this now?
I don't know who I can trust.
I do know one thing.
Your last name provokes a lot of hatred.
[Ángela] Mmm.
Are you sure you don't know?
Is there anyone you suspect at all?
The fact that you could actually believe
I would is outrageous.
What kind of person do you think I am?
[inhales deeply]
I swear to you…
[music fades]
…wherever she is.
I will find her. Ángela.
I hope you do.
[doorbell ringing]
[door opens]
- [Vannessa] Ángela.
- Vannessa.
Are you alone?
- Mmm. Miguel's in the other room. why?
- Well…
[inhales deeply]
I just came to give you my support.
I imagine…
how hard all of this must be for you.
Thank you.
[inhales. exhales]
[dramatic sting]
Ángela will easily let you
take all of the blame.
Hand her over to me.
and I can assure you
that you will raise your children.
[dramatic sting]
I'm sorry.
The guilt was too much for me.
If I kept lying.
I would've fallen apart completely
sooner or later.
I went to the police.
[tense music playing]
Could you…
just say something.
Anything.
Right now.
my mind is on how to find my daughter.
I need to find Eva.
Okay.
Excuse me.
[tense music building]
[music ends]
[car door closes]
[Norris] Hey.
[man] Here's what we agreed on.
Okay.
[intriguing music playing]
[man] Go ahead.
[gun firing]
[tense music playing]
[music ends]
Who the hell told me
I could play house and take care of a kid?
Why. David?
Why did I think I could be her mother
when I'm obviously not?
You know what?
I think you will make a wonderful mother.
David. come on. [sighs]
Look. really.
Eva is a sweet and lovely girl.
She's a lonely kid.
and I feel so much for her.
but she has a flaw.
It's a big one.
She's a Ferrer.
and her mom is a fucking psycho.
What am I gonna do?
Excuse me.
- Camila. how are you?
- I'm very worried about Eva.
She's missing. nowhere to be found.
[David] I don't believe we've met before.
Although. I've seen you around.
but of course
your clothes were missing. [laughs]
[Oliver laughs] Nice to meet you.
It's David. right?
David.
♪ Madness ♪
[Ángela] It's been almost 12 hours.
And we still haven't had
any contact with the kidnappers.
Hmm. That's strange.
If Eva had just stayed at the house.
none of this would have happened.
[Miguel] They could've taken her
from anywhere. Ángela.
It's our fault.
We're both responsible.
Well. I was working.
- [Miguel] Ah. you were working.
- Mm-hmm.
You were working at the Marriott Hotel?
Yes. I had a few things to finish.
You were at the deluxe suite
at the Marriott
with a man. Inti Valderrama.
[dramatic sting]
What does this have to do with Eva?
- Well…
- And who put you in charge of finding her?
Because I requested it
since I know the family
and work with the anti-kidnapping unit.
Honestly. I'd prefer
if someone else could be in charge
because you have issues with me.
and you can't be fair to us.
[Miguel] Ángela.
this isn't about you. damn it.
The important thing here is to find Eva.
That's all.
[dramatic sting]
[Noa sighs] You need
to move out of my house.
I talked to Ángela Ferrer.
- Oh. that's good.
- Yes. great.
She said you had sex at a hotel.
Huh? No. Oh. no. no.
- She told me everything.
- Ah. no.
We were at a hotel. but. no. please.
Nothing happened.
Inti. what should I make of this?
She told me I should be dead.
[chuckles] No.
Oh. Ángela. [laughs]
Ángela's. like. a little crazy. you know?
- I apologize.
- Apologize?
Stop pretending. okay?
You said you apologized.
I don't believe you at all. Inti.
I've made my decision.
and you have got to go.
I don't want you around.
♪ My knees were on the floor ♪
♪ Praying you would want me more ♪
♪ Not like girls you've met before ♪
♪ There's something twisted in my mind ♪
♪ In my mind ♪
♪ Broke both my wrists ♪
♪ You dodged my kiss… ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
[Camila groans]
[both grunting]
[woman yells]
[Camila grunts]
Becky!
- [Camila grunts]
- [Becky groans]
[Camila grunts]
[Camila panting]
[music fades]
["Under Your Spell"
by Moa L. Muñoz and Ryan T. Short playing]
♪ Black magic ♪
♪ Ecstatic ♪
♪ Can't help when I look at you ♪
♪ Dramatic ♪
♪ I panic ♪
♪ One look. what am I to do? ♪
♪ Losing control ♪
♪ Can't let it go. go. go. go. go. go ♪
♪ Is this heaven or is this hell? ♪
♪ Can't talk 'cause I'm under your
Under your spell ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm under your spell ♪
♪ Is this heaven or is this hell? ♪
♪ Can't talk 'cause I'm under your
Under your spell ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm under your spell ♪
[music ends]
[dramatic music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today